Eat The Whistle Known BUGS
==========================

AUDIO
-----

1) When the user choose from the menu Audio Yes/No, the button of the Arcade teams,
   becomes 'No'.
   
2) In some conditions, when the user comes back to the options after a match,
   the Audio is OFF and if he tries to reactivate it the game crash. (FIXED)

3) Mac version doesn't work correctly. (FIXED)
   In truth the version for Mac continued to having problems, resolved
   with the adoption of the 16bit format of the sounds.
      
4) Now also Windows version has problems.  (FIXED)

5) Both versions have problems with spoken comment.

6) In the menu Arcade, there are problems with the reproduction of
   musics of the teams. Sometimes works, sometimes not. Moreover, leaving
   an Arcade match, the music of the menu is disabled. (FIXED)


VIDEO
-----

1) If in Video options is active the option People, during the second match
   the game crach in the LoadStuff() during the 16/17 men loading. (FIXED?)

2) The rotating triangle above the user active men some time doesn't match
   the color of the selected control.
    
2) In the Video options, the loaded scaling resolution doesn't match to the
   previously saved on file. (FIXED)

3) If in window modality the scaling is activated and the game switch to screen
   modality, the scaling is still signed active. (FIXED)

4) Under Windows, if in screen modality, a load requester pops up the colors
   are ruined. Under Mac the requester is showed on the Finder so the game
   "hangs".

5) In Arcade menu, there are problems with Show selected button, it appears and
   disappears when it would not have.

6) Some visualizations shows up only for few seconds (perhaps less), buffering
   problems? (FIXED?)

7) Some times, in the teams selection menu, remain selected a team, but the
   Continue button does not appear.
   
8) In some options pages (Game, Video, Audio), where the buttons are "grouped", if
   the exit requester is visualized, it have both the button selected. (FIXED)
   
9) In France '98 first round page (but not first page, after made a match) the
   name of the header overlaps the name of the teams. (FIXED)
   

GAME
----

1) The defenders seem to begin to move when the ball has arrived to a well
   determined distance.

2) If the France '98 championship is selected (I do not know the other
   seasons), turns out of the games are inverted. If it is gained it loses.
   The problem must be or in the SetResult or the StartMatch one of the two,
   if is necessary to swap the teams, or isn't made or is made an extra time.
   (FIXED?)
   
2b) Sometimes, the names of the markers are attributed to the opposing
    team! 

3) Problems in the management of the offside. Often and gladly, above all
   when the free kicks are struck, a man is put in offside and the game just
   finds it. Nothing is worth, to disable the option Offside of the menu.
   The problem seems a lot more present, if the opposing team occupies the
   right part of the field. (FIXED?)

4) In practice mode a ghost man appeared and after a little -> crash!

5) During the substitutions, if the cursor key are pressed various times, the
   game goes in crash.

6) At end of game, the minute of the goals is mistaken. It goes ahead of
   4min. As an example, 41 instead of 37.

7) In 'Serie A' modality (but I think also in other modality) after four matches,
   the game goes in crash in the HandleExtras() routine, does not import which
   graphical options is selected. (FIXED)
 
8) If the user browse the Arcade menu, and then return in the "Normal" menu,
   for example loading a saved league, the first match played is in Arcade mode
   (but not the following)!

9) With some teams, to the kickoff, the computer sequence is always the same
   one: passage and a shooting without sense that ends in lateral remittance.
   
10) With some teams, the tactics to obtain a practically sure goal is, to pass
    very near the edge line field, the defenders does not move not even (works
	only with the right bottom of the screen)!
	
11) Replays saved with a Mac doesn't work (currently testend only on Mac).

12) Some times the game doesn't select the man nearest to the ball,
    therefore happens that the man with the ball to the flank, remains
    immovable like one statue...


SYSTEM
------

1) Remember to use -fwritable-strings option. 

2) If on Windows a team is loaded with the requester, the path of the program
   is losed. (FIXED)

3) For point 2, tactics did not come loaded, the game noticed that and tried to
   visualize a requester, but the font have been freed and therefore crashes for
   a null pointer. (WORKAROUND with the FIX of point 2)

4) In Mac version file request doesn't exist. (FIXED)

5) In Mac version reading the used localization is missing. (FIXED)

6) Loading (or saving, is not clear), of the games has problems.
   The variable numero_squadre is always zero and in the load routine there are
    two cycles (with turno and totale_giornate) that they are based on it.
	With a workaround for the cycles, the game does not go in loop and loads the
	saved game but introduces remarkable problems (played games to replay and a
	strange day with Argentine against all!).

7) Loading a wrong Teams file, even if the game seems to manage the eventuality,
   provokes a crash subsequently, when a valid file is loaded and then it is
   tried to begin a league.

8) LoadReplay() in replay.c does not work at all on 64-bit.



NETWORK
-------

1) If a team is selected but the server doesn't respond, the team remains selected.

2) In a test carried out with a WindowsNT system and a system Windows2000, the game
   in the moment to visualize the field, it goes in crash on both the hosts.

